okay today I'm going to teach you how to
cook a steak just real simple a few
items you're going to need I have half a
head of garlic I have some fleur de sel
some peanut oil there's a high cooking
point and some ground black pepper okay
we're gonna rub our steak with the half
a head of garlic on both sides I'm going
to season our steak with salt fleur de
sel
season with black pepper okay look at
this gorgeous stick you get all seasoned
up on both sides and we're ready to cook
it in our pan okay here we have our pan
on medium-high heat we're gonna add some
peanut oil I'm gonna let that get good
and hot I know we have our oil nice and
shimmering hot I'm gonna add my steak
cook it for about three minutes on each
side
turning it one I like mine pretty much
done put it three months on the rare
side so I don't overcook mine too long
how to tell if a steak is done by touch
medium-rare soft inside part of your
thumb they're firmer medium as it starts
to cook and well done is there okay now
it's time to turn our steak over and
cook it on the other side oh look at
that we're really one of the best ways
to do this is outdoors the allows our
burner next year drill and get a smokin
hot cast-iron pan put such a nice crust
on it
the best way I know how to look at that
steak just how I like it nice rare to
medium-rare Center so yummy and there
you have it round out your meal baked
potato corn on the cob
the tender juicy delicious steak